Support to perform a job without any args (#36)
flamingo-run/rails-cloud-tasks: README.md

  description: Sync user data
  time_zone: "America/Los_Angeles"
  args:
    - arg1: 100
    - arg2: 200
```

| attribute   	| description                                                    	                                                    | required 	|
|-------------	|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   |----------	|
| name        	| The Job class namespace                                        	                                                    | ✓        	|
| schedule    	| The frequency to run your job. It should be a unix-cron format 	                                                    | ✓        	|
| description 	| What this job does                                             	                                                    | ✓        	|
| time_zone   	| Choose which one timezone your job must run                    	                                                    | ✓        	|

> | args        	| What are the method's arguments. Important: Each parameters must be an item of a list. Check out the example above  | 𐄂       	 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| args        	| Arguments to the job execution. Important: if present, this must be an array of items. Check out the example above  | 𐄂       	 |
```

  time_zone: "America/Los_Angeles"
  class_name: Users::SyncJob
  args:
    - arg1: 100

>     - arg2: 200

Reviewer: ```yaml
  args:
    - this_first: argument
      is_a: hash
    - - this second argument
      - is an array
    - this third argument is a string
```
